# The-Horcrux-Project.

## Introduction.
The Horcrux project enables user to adapt a, 2 stage advanced encryption process to enable privacy preservation and conservation of files with paramount security measures. It let's users to encrypt, split and save copies of their files in the filesystem (the name “horcrux” is inspired by the Harry Potter saga). The file to be encrypted is selected by the user, and a secret random key is generated, the secret key is converted into Base64 format and provided to the user for future reference, restoration and decryption of file. The original file is then encrypted by AES-128 encryption algorithm, and the file thus produced has an extension of ".txt" format, containing unreadable ciphered data. For stage 2 and to enable the utmost level of privacy the file is then split into 'n' number of Horcruxes, (smaller atomic files/ chunks) where n is the number of horcruxes defined by user.The horcruxes are then stored at the user's specified location. 

For the process of Decryption, the user is asked for the secret reference key which was initally generated by the system, if the user enters the right key then, first;the horcruxes are brought together and restored in the form of ciphered text to build back the encrypted file, and then the process of decryption is carried out for the file to be restored as original file.

## Specifications.

Language Used : C++.

Encryption Algorithm : AES128.

## Process Flow.

### FOR ENCRYPTION.


### FOR DECRYPTION.



